We learn a lot about the template of the approach before concluding the first part of the module that
will look at the suggested username button here.
It doesn't work but I add it does suggest user name method here where I create a default username.
Now be nice to add up on clicking this button.
We populate this username input here with this user name.
Now you could think about some solutions using two way data binding and they would probably work.
You could 2:8 data point is to User Name property which you don't change with this method.
I just want to show you a different approach.
Remember that we do have access to this forum here.
Frue view child of course it would be nice if we could set the value of one of our inputs and turns
out we can.
For this we get two different methods we can use.
The first one would be on our sign up for them.
Set a value property method here.
This allows you to set the value of the whole form.
And here we need to pass a javascript object exactly representing our form.
So we would need to use or set up user data which is object to where we have let's check a user name
field user name said Judy suggested name here.
And then also e-mail said to mail maybe an empty string and Secret Service to pad maybe and question
or answer.
Keep in mind this is this text area here.
So question are set to an empty string.
And last but not least the gender said two male and with this all that.
Let's go to our template and hook up this button this button here which is of type button so that it
doesn't submit the form and you're allowed a click listener.
And Target does suggest user username Mefford.
So if there's now recompiles and we hit this button you'll see super user was entered here.
However this approach does have one downside.
If we already had some value we enter there and then want to collect such as the user name it well overrides
all our other content.
So this is not necessarily the best approach.
However it does show you how you can set the values of all controls with one convenient command with
the set value command where you pass an exact copy off the form of the form value.
I should say as a Chavez group object and can override the value of each control.
Now as mentioned does this not the best approach so it's commented out.
The better approach here would be to access the sign up form and now actually the form object on it
because sign up for this overall ngi form object is kind of the container of your form you could say.
And there you also have the patch value method.
So this is not available on the sign up form itself but on the form group wrapped inside of it.
And here you can pass javascript Optik to where you only override specific certain controls.
So here you could also pass user data.
Well let me restructure does so it's easier to read user data.
And then inside of user data here you might want to override the user name set up to the chest name
but don't overwrite any other value.
So a decent place if I now save this and I already have an e-mail address entered and something here
and here and X like this button.
Now it only added super user and left all my controls untouched.
So set value and patch value.
Important patch value only available on the form wrapped by ngi form itself.
As a side note set value would be available here too.
So these two commands are very helpful.
Set value to set your whole form pach value to override parts of the form.
Very useful helper methods.
I wanted to bring to your attention.